hi my name is kenneth branagh near hi
guys my name is usman bellow we are
full-time student at the University of
Nicosia studying law and I said
Electrical Engineering been here for a
while now and already feels like a
second home the weather is fantastic the
people are great and the food is on
point studying at the University of
Nicosia is a lovely experience the
lecture is a very approachable standards
of Education is high if the complete
package and of course you would say or
work and no play makes Jack a dull boy
if you want for the social life there's
a lot of options you can choose from or
places to go to such as the cinemas the
malls or the restaurants I'm into sports
martial arts to be specific they are low
the sports to choose from such as
basketball soccer
the eunuch joining it let's start it
Oh